When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A remote repository may be useful when working on a project that you would want to share with other people online, or, an open-source project.Otherwise, keeping the work local would be useful for working on a private project that nobody else should see.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Pulling changes manually allows the user to always know what updates they are aquiring, meaning, there won't be a chance of an unknown update suddenly showing up on Git, as this may cause problems.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A fork is basically a "clone" on Github itself. Using forks clone an existing repository to your own repository. Clones copy a repository from a URL to your computer. Branches are a way to make a variation to your current project so that it will not affect the existing branch, which is most likely called "master". It will literally make a branch off from your master branch to a new one of your choice.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally allows for the user to make their own changes and implement it into either the remote or into their own project, without changing the original remote's history. Also, this allows for multiple users to be able to alter their own versions into the original remote copy, without altering the remote itself.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Without Git/GitHub, I would be using either a Google Docs, Skype, or simply a social media medium like Facebook. Now, using these programs/websites would allow communication to flow instantaneously and have a conversation-like situation, whereas Git or GitHub requires refreshing pages to update information. On the other hand, using those programs/websites greatly restricts the ability to exactly pinpoint the source of problems, and can lead to greater confusion because every user will have their own individual files; without programs to be able to clone, merge, push, or pull, collaborating can become very tedious and in most cases, inaccurate. 